#summary A manual on how to use the backgammonatorLibrary.jar.

The *backgammonatorLibrary.jar* is also an executable jar file which can be run in the console. It makes an exact simulation of the bahaviour of the system as if the files given as arguments are uploaded on teh system and about to process. Users which wish to use the Backgammonator Library in this case should follow the steps below:

  # Download the backgammonatorLibrary.jar from [http://code.google.com/p/backgammonator/downloads/list here] or download the latest version from the Backgammonator web site. If you have checked out the Backgammonator project then you can simply call the "distLib" target of the build.xml provided. 
  # Install JDK 1.5 or heigher on your computer.
  # Open the command window.
  # Make sure that the JAVA_HOME environment variable is set to point to the directory with your java installation.
  # Add JAVA_HOME/bin to the path
  # Start the executable jar by running the following command:

  java -jar full_path_to_backgammonatorLibrary.jar 
  (continued) full_path_to_source1 full_path_to_source2 [number_of_runs]

  Here full_path_to_source1 and full_path_to_source2 are the absolute paths ot the two 
  source files which represent your players. These files should be C/C++ files (which is not yet supported) or Java source files without a package declaration that implement the scepicied communication protocol. These files will be processed and compiled and a game will be startet between the players that will be constucted with them. If any errors occure during this process they will be printed on the console. The last parameter is optional. If number_of_runs is specified then the game inited with the given sources as players will be executed number_of_runs times. If number_of_runs does not represent a well formatted integer then the game will be executed only once. In the backgammonatorLibrary.jar there are sample implementations of the communication protocol that can be explored and used as exaples.

  Exaple call:
  java -jar /home/backgammonatorLibrary.jar /home/MyJavaPlayer.java /home/MyCpalyer.c 10 clean

  # A game log will be crated using the deafult HTML logger when the game is over. HTML file containing the result of the game will appear in the current directory.
  # After the game is over you can view the resutls as described above.
  # If you run a game which produces game log then you need to extract the /res entry form the backgammonatorLibrary.jar in the current directory (which you run the demo from) in order to view the detailed log of each move.

====Note====
The backgammonatorLiblary.jar will not be able to process C/C++ files unless you provide g++ compiler on the system path. If you want to run the demo under Windows you should do the following first:

  # Download MinGW from [http://code.google.com/p/backgammonator/downloads/list here]
  # Run the installation and follow the instructions. Make sure you mark g++ compiler for installation.
  # Set a new environment variable MinGW_HOME to point to the MinGW base directory.
  # Run the setEnv.bat which can be found in the backgammonatorLibrary.jar. This will set the following additional environment variables:

       * Path=%MinGW_HOME%\bin;%Path%
       * C_INCLUDEDE_PATH=%MinGW_HOME%\include
       * CPLUS_INCLUDE_PATH =%MinGW_HOME%\include\c++\3.4.5;%MinGW_HOME%\include\c++\3.4.5\mingw32;%MinGW_HOME%\include\c++\3.4.5\backward;%MinGW_HOME%\include
       * LIBRARY_PATH = %MinGW_HOME%\lib